# Animation #

### Merging bitmap to 1 Sprite image from ###

Here is one that a guy here on the forums made.  http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q_RcC5tvs1k  get the zip on the top and watch the video at the bottom to get an idea how to use.  The way I do it is using gimp, its probably faster in some ways to use gimp if you have the sprite images in the right spots if not then the above animator may be best.  But in gimp i have all of my frames separate, open the first frame in gimp.  Then select open as layers and add the rest.  Now in gimp go to view and click show grid, then goto image and select configure grid, if you sprite is 75 x75 select those numbers, now the last step is go back to view and select snap to grid.  Now you will need to go to image > canvas size and make the canvas the size you need so say you have 10 spirtes 75 wide each make the canvas 750 x75,(note you will need to click on the chain looking thing so that both width and height dont link and both change).  Now you have a grid and all of your sprites are in the top left corner all stacked on top of each other.    Really fast before moving any of the stuff and there all still stacked you can go to Filters > animation > playback this will open a window that lets you see the animation.   So now you have your grid and all of the sprites in the top corner click the drag tool (looks like a +)  click each sprite and move it, i move them to the bottom right first (or just right if its a line of sprites) then going from right to left drop each sprite into place, the snap to grid will let you get somewhat close to where they need to be and snap them into place so its perfect every time and you dont have to draw boxes or anything.